# kpcb
I envision spending my life improving the world through the study of computation. In the past, I've looked at using convolutional neural networks and random forests for image segmentation, using graphical models for bayesian inference, and simulating neurons for information processing. These and several other algorithms are constantly being enhanced and I would like to (1) help make these algorithms better and (2) apply them in new and useful scenarios. I am particularly interested in the interplay between neuroscience and computer science (especially ML). The brain has developed mechanisms far past our current state of computer science. By understanding these, we can reverse engineer algorithms for more effective computation. Conversely, we can use advances in ML to understand the patterns in neuroscience data underlying cognitive functions. As these two fields proceed together, we will learn more about computation and how we can harness it to understand human beings and data.

These ideas have enormous power. I grew up a devoted fan of sci-fi, particularly the stories of Isaac Asimov. His works on Multivac, a futuristic computer that can synthesize data to make intelligent decisions has always enthralled me. In different stories, Multivac is able to examine data to answer humanities fundamental questions and even predict the future. While this may still be far away, immediate ML applications like tumor detection have the potential to do great good. I want to hone these and other algorithms in such a way that we can help people by analyzing massive amounts of data. And maybe eventually we can build algorithms that can process enormous amounts of data to solve the major problems confronting humankind.
